See your truuuee colors shine through
I see your trueee colors...
And thats why I hate you, so please be afraid
We might let it spray..

Dear Leron, you're a fucking bitch. Please go get some help
Your hubris and overconfidence help you expose yourself
You're playing the victim after spewing shit like it don't smell
If only you had anything but lies and bad intel

You just a fucking gossiper, a liar, and you toxic cuh
You ain't never seen the struggle, you ain't gripping polymer
My crew stay with the shits, you are just a crime stopper
You think i'm acting bitch? Lets see you pull out that rеvolver

I got a semi 5 round drum on the draco
And I nеver leave my house without my damn pistol
Cause my homie got shot 'round the way, yea I miss him
That was bout a year ago, we laying low and never slipping

So no, Leron this ain't no damn movie
Not a damn thing you say could ever get to me
Riding 'round, murdered up and send them 20s, that bitch spooky
You showing all your true colors and all I see is dookie

You a bitch boy, wtf, did I stutter?
You prove my point every word that you mutter
Your personality trash, it ain't bout no skin color
You dissing up on the prince, you a stupid motherfucker

Row after row, you insert the ones you follow
My shellcode finds it way inside your mind cause you are hollow
Get low, when it blow, now it clockcycles you borrow
Pre-amped your execution, flood you till you rust like cargo

Bitch oooh, it ain't nothing new
I leave your kernel tainted like ring 0 had the flu
I thought you knew, bitch you are not immune
Cause when it comes to these webs, this player stay in tune

Little homicide state murdered up and send them 20s
.762x39 transmute grey matter to gummies
I'm aiming at your mainframe, I ain't aiming at tummies
You talking real big, ima leave yo ass looking dummy

You stupid bitch! The fuck you think this is? (Fucking hollow)
The FUCK you think this is? (Worthless)
You hollow, you hollow you understand me? You're worthless, YOU'RE FUCKING TRASH (Garbage, Worthless)
See your true colors shine through.. (Just quit, just stop just give up) I see your true colors..

Riding round town mag stuffed, full tank
Make a stupid motherfucker go walk the damn plank
I ain't really playing games when these lames pull rank
Live round in the pipe, these pussies be shooting blanks
Came a really long way, from eating from food banks
Dead bodies in my dreams and I can smell the bitch stank
See these motherfuckers, ima make they hearts break
Like 1 2 3 4 5, hit the flank
